Cleanup github actions documentation (#106)
terramate-io/terramate-docs: cli/automation/github-actions/preview-workflow.md

The following workflows are blueprints and need some adjustments to work for you.

Note:

> <!-- insert a quick video or pictues describing PR-level -->
> <!-- plan sanitation -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- insert a quick video or pictures describing PR-level -->
<!-- plan sanitization -->
```
:stuck_out_tongue:
